newcfa A
newstate A1
newstate A2
newstate A3
newstate A4
newstate A5
newstate A6
newstate A7
setinitial A1
robot newtransition ta1
A1 //stato sorgente
A2 //stato destinazione
y //eventi input?
er4 //evento input
RA //link evento input
n //eventi output?
n //label oss?
n //label rel?
endrobot
robot newtransition ta2
A2 //stato sorgente
A3 //stato destinazione
n //eventi input?
n //eventi output?
n //label oss?
n //label rel?
endrobot
robot newtransition ta3
A3 //stato sorgente
A4 //stato destinazione
n //eventi input?
n //eventi output?
n //label oss?
n //label rel?
endrobot
robot newtransition ta4
A4 //stato sorgente
A5 //stato destinazione
n //eventi input?
n //eventi output?
n //label oss?
n //label rel?
endrobot
robot newtransition ta5
A5 //stato sorgente
A6 //stato destinazione
n //eventi input?
n //eventi output?
n //label oss?
n //label rel?
endrobot
robot newtransition ta6
A6 //stato sorgente
A1 //stato destinazione
n //eventi input?
y //eventi output?
ea1 //evento output
AR //link eventi output
n //altri eventi output?
n //label oss?
n //label rel?
endrobot
robot newtransition ta7
A2 //stato sorgente
A7 //stato destinazione
n //eventi input?
y //eventi output?
ea2 //evento output
AR //link eventi output
n //altri eventi output?
n //label oss?
n //label rel?
endrobot
robot newtransition ta8
A4 //stato sorgente
A7 //stato destinazione
n //eventi input?
y //eventi output?
ea2 //evento output
AR //link eventi output
n //altri eventi output?
n //label oss?
n //label rel?
endrobot
savecfa